this heat is an act of welcome to the banal entertainment section already
began the ultimate fashion event on the island of puerto rico high fashion
week there is where the news we see the report prepared by ana otero
ace
when normally everything because he has committed the crime rich tsang fashion
houston 17 designers will show their proposals
for the spring-summer season of next year as it is customary
event began with the parade of new talent whose names insurance
will sound more often when talking about fashion
Laura Teresa broke the ice and captivated everyone that I thought was very romantic
in which the veguerías and the details reigned with ribbons of white and
several shades of pink follows the parade and sandra cross count
I very classic we want to know is that the necklines are a thing of the past the same
it was distinguished by pastel colors very, very short pants
who sent the public present because they were already with their collection entitled
communities
we have that technological advances are not
with cell phone in hand they told me the positions the models called the
attention with a non-verbal look
on the other hand nicole jesus use the gold and the rose to present a
very feminine collection in which ruffles and high-waisted pants
were the protagonists maría román surprised the audience with a parade
all in white in which the models carried religious figures to the beat
of the music that remained
the very father of ours
to finish the designer josé raúl won multiple applause with his
collection only for males in which he proved that man can the ex
ruler
for masculinity aside
the picture image train this last
next to her they were
textiles characterized by large quantity and good
for me the news I want to make